Documentation:

1) First I solved the dependancy problems by looking in the package.json file as when i tried to install it, everything failed. To solve it I did a binary fetch algorthm with the files and tested them, until I found the troubled ones. Then I looked for them and how to install it on the internet and solved it.
2) Then, I Created the skeleton in src/containers/App.jsx, very simple just to check te components.
3) Created all the files of the components just by copying and pasting them to see if they were all working properly.
4) Created the GetData API using fetch-then and working with the values. Playing with the values was the most difficult part for me and where I messed everything at the begeining.
5) after this I just started working with the values, the arrays, objects in order to show them in my app and I did a few things that worked for some variables and some didn´t, but I finished the App by doing it in that way, I also tried looking for ways to solve it on the internet, videos, stackoverflow, tutorials, and tried many ways, most of them failed.
6) after finishing those steps I added some basic CSS. I was more interested in making this whole thing work more than making it to look pretty.
7) I did my first commit, not to lose the changes.
8) I ran the tests and they failed, almost all. I also noticed by looking  inside the test files and runing the tests that there was a directory missing, so I added the directory and file there.
9) I had a look back at the source code and correct some things with the getData function, I kept runing it but keep failing.
10) I started rechecking the components and I cleaned a bit all the mess I did while playing with the different kind of values handed in by the api. And I used the map method for everything as it was simpler but I had some cases it didn't work directly and there I got help from some friend and they told me to add the ternary comparator to check and the things started to work and to pass the tests.
11) I tried to deploy in github pages, in netlify but all attempts were worthless, I asked for help and my classmates helped me using vercel to deploy it.
12) I had to upload the github files there, set the configuration for the sistem to know were my files were and then deploy it. It took some time but finally worked.
13) After deploying I had quite a difficult time changing the localhost of the api to an actual valid ID as git were not taking my changes but that got solved too.

CV Deployed=> https://react-eth-challenge-five-delta.vercel.app/

To run the page I just do:
1) GIT clone
2) I errase  REACT and REACT-dom from the package.json
3) npm install
4) npm install react react-dom
5) npm run server
6) npm start
7) npm run test

Images.
1) Tests working in "Test.png"
2) CV working in localhost "CV.png"
